{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2\fttruetype Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2\fttruetype Arial;}
{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2\ftnil Dingbats;}
{\f3\froman\fcharset0\fprq2\fttruetype Symbol;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1\fttruetype Courier New;}}
{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\stylesheet
{\s1\fi-431\li720\sbasedon29\snext29Contents 1;}
{\s2\fi-431\li1440\sbasedon29\snext29Contents 2;}
{\s3\fi-431\li2160\sbasedon29\snext29Contents 3;}
{\s8\fi-431\li720\sbasedon29Lower Roman List;}
{\s5\tx431\sbasedon25\snext29Numbered Heading 1;}
{\s6\tx431\sbasedon26\snext29Numbered Heading 2;}
{\s7\fi-431\li720Square List;}
{\*\cs11\sbasedon29Endnote Text;}
{\s4\fi-431\li2880\sbasedon29\snext29Contents 4;}
{\s9\fi-431\li720Diamond List;}
{\s10\fi-431\li720Numbered List;}
{\*\cs12\fs20\superEndnote Reference;}
{\s13\fi-431\li720Triangle List;}
{\s14\tx431\sbasedon27\snext29Numbered Heading 3;}
{\s15\fi-431\li720Dashed List;}
{\s16\fi-431\li720\sbasedon10Upper Roman List;}
{\s17\sb440\sa60\f1\fs24\b\sbasedon29\snext29Heading 4;}
{\s18\fi-431\li720Heart List;}
{\s35\fi-431\li720Box List;}
{\*\cs20\fs20Reference;}
{\s21\fi-431\li720\sbasedon10Upper Case List;}
{\s22\fi-431\li720Bullet List;}
{\s23\fi-431\li720Hand List;}
{\*\cs24\fs20\sbasedon29Footnote Text;}
{\s25\sb440\sa60\f1\fs34\b\sbasedon29\snext29Heading 1;}
{\s26\sb440\sa60\f1\fs28\b\sbasedon29\snext29Heading 2;}
{\s19\qc\sb240\sa120\f1\fs32\b\sbasedon29\snext29Contents Header;}
{\s28\fi-431\li720Tick List;}
{\s27\sb440\sa60\f1\fs24\b\sbasedon29\snext29Heading 3;}
{\s30\fi-431\li720\sbasedon10Lower Case List;}
{\s31\li1440\ri1440\sa120\sbasedon29Block Text;}
{\s37\f4\sbasedon29Plain Text;}
{\s33\tx1584\sbasedon5\snext29Section Heading;}
{\s34\fi-431\li720Implies List;}
{\s29\f0\fs24Normal;}
{\s36\fi-431\li720Star List;}
{\*\cs32\fs20\superFootnote Reference;}
{\s38\tx1584\sbasedon5\snext29Chapter Heading;}}
\kerning0\cf0\ftnbj\fet2\ftnstart1\ftnnar\aftnnar\ftnstart1\aftnstart1\aenddoc\revprop3{\info\uc1}\deftab720\viewkind1\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\widowctrl
\sectd\sbknone\colsx360\pgncont\ltrsect
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl480\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch Virpobe Paireepinart}{\s29\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl480\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch CS 5332: Database Design}{\s29\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl480\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch September 8th, 2009}{\s29\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl480\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\qc\s29\sl480\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch On-Line Musical Performance Database Proposal}{\s29\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl480\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch \tab I work for a professor in the Music department at Texas State.  I have consulted with him about any database projects he might need.  He is an editor of an online journal that covers the southwest U.S.  The journal contains articles or compositions which are peer-reviewed and only allowed into the journal if they are deemed high-quality.  This is similar to many other technical or academic journals.  It is good to submit articles to a peer-reviewed journal because you get the prestige and the certification that your work is quality and your research has merit.}{\s29\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl480\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch \tab However, the only musicians and researchers who are able to submit anything to this journal are those who study the technical aspects of music, such as composition, meter, etc.  Many musicians do not specialize in music technically, through analysis, but rather by performing it.  These professors and other researchers who explore new ways of performance art are not able to make submissions to these journals, and thus there is no way to determine which performers have merit and which do not.}{\s29\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl480\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch \tab In this project, I will develop an online website.  Professors or any other performance artists may come to the website to submit their work for peer review.  They will have to provide detailed information about the performers of the piece, the origin of the work they're performing,and many other such details.  Their submission will not immediately be visible to the public.}{\s29\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl480\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch \tab Then, my boss, Prof. Nico Schuler, will be able to access the website and log in as an administrator.  There will be other users as well, who are peer reviewers.  The admin will assign 3 reviewers to each piece of music, and they will receive e-mail notification that they need to review it.  Once they have reviewed it, the admin will get an e-mail that a review has finished.  He must then go and determine if it was approved or rejected by each reviewer, and decide whether it is added to the collection of peer-reviewed submissions.  If it is added, it is then viewable to the public.  }{\s29\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl480\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch \tab The reviewers will be able to access the site and log in with their credentials, and then stream the music to their computer while they read over the technical notes the submitter included with their submission.  They will then be able to vote whether the piece passes or fails the peer review, as well as giving comments regarding their decision that the submitter can read later. }{\s29\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl480\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch \tab The submitter must register and log in to the site to post anything, this is to cut down on fake submitters as well as so the submitters can read their comments later.}{\s29\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}}